{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Thank you for providing the transcript. Let's evaluate the refactoring based on the specified guidelines:\
\
3a) **Did the refactoring use [Extract Method](https://sourcemaking.com/refactoring/extract-method)?**\
\
Yes, the refactoring did use Extract Method. Samuel Wait mentions using the extract method to group the code together for the panels and the JButtons. This is a good practice as it helps improve readability and maintainability.\
\
3b) **Did the refactoring use [Replace Method with Method Object](https://sourcemaking.com/refactoring/replace-method-with-method-object)?**\
\
There is no explicit mention of using "Replace Method with Method Object" in the provided transcript. The refactoring seems to focus more on extracting methods and organizing code into separate classes.\
\
3c) **Did the refactoring use [Consolidate Conditional Expression](https://sourcemaking.com/refactoring/consolidate-conditional-expression)?**\
\
There is no mention of consolidating conditional expressions in the provided transcript. The refactoring primarily revolves around restructuring the code and using Extract Method for improved organization.\
\
3d) **Did the refactoring use [Consolidate Duplicate Conditional Fragments](https://sourcemaking.com/refactoring/consolidate-duplicate-conditional-fragments)?**\
\
There is no explicit mention of consolidating duplicate conditional fragments in the transcript. The focus seems to be on organizing code into separate methods and classes.\
\
3e) **Did the refactoring use [Replace Conditional with Polymorphism](https://sourcemaking.com/refactoring/replace-conditional-with-polymorphism)?**\
\
There is no mention of using "Replace Conditional with Polymorphism" in the provided transcript. The refactoring appears to be more about organizing code and improving the structure.\
\
Based on the provided information:\
\
- **3a is fulfilled** as Extract Method is explicitly mentioned.\
- **3b, 3c, 3d, and 3e are not fulfilled** as there is no mention of using these specific refactoring techniques.\
\
**Conclusion:**\
The refactoring explanation appears to be focused on improving code organization and structure through the use of Extract Method, but it lacks explicit mentions of other specific refactoring techniques. Therefore, based on the guidelines provided, the explanation would receive a grade of **B**.}